alpinestars seller leather jacket is an
aggressively styled Street and sport
riding jacket incorporating
class-leading protection and the very
latest innovations and performance
riding apparel the sellers main shell is
constructed from 1.3 millimeter leather
which is comfortable durable and highly
abrasion resistant the jacket panels are
mapped to the body for a sharp and
tailored look as pre contoured sleeves
and stretch paneling on the back waist
arms and elbows provide unrestricted
range of movement the seller jackets
sleek design has slick protection as
well starting on the outside our dual
density thermoplastic polyurethane
sliders on the shoulders and elbows
which offer excellent force dissipation
and abrasion resistance in these
critical areas the sliders are backed by
cee certified protectors position
underneath the main shell providing
additional layers of impact protection
the protectors are removable which means
you can replace or customize the jacket
to your liking also on the inside of the
jacket is a snap connection system that
allows for integration of our siiii
level two certified Bionic race back
protector and up front our chest
compartments that are made to accept
alpinestars Bionic chest pad upgrades
performance comfort features also very
high on the list of the seller jacket
which is why we've incorporated
alpinestars exclusive dynamic flow
control system this includes zippered
air intakes and exhausts to allow for
efficient regulation of interior flow
extra ventilation is provided by
perforated leather panels on the chest
and back as well as the motogp profiled
back hump which also supplements
aerodynamic performance a full mesh
lining and 3d mesh on the collar and
cuffs provide soft layers and edges that
come in contact with the skin external
zip pockets and an internal waterproof
wallet pocket give the rider plenty of
safe and convenient storage solutions
while reflective detailing on the chest
and arms improved rider visibility
fine-tuning of the seller jackets
already closed fit comes by way of
zippered adjustable wrist cuffs and
d-ring velcro waist adjustments and a
full circumference way zipper means you
can attach this versatile jacket to
range of alpinestars excellent riding
pants
you